
ABOUT
SERVICES
BALLOONS
INSTA
GALLERY
CONTACT


High quality balloons at affordable prices
Local customised balloons for any occasion
FIND OUT MORE
PARTIES
From giant numbers to giant letters. This is the perfect way to make a celebration even better!

ENQUIRE
WEDDINGS
For something slightly more delicate for that special day, we create personalised balloons for the happy couple.

ENQUIRE
CHRISTENINGS & BABY SHOWERS
New baby? No problem. Our balloons are perfect for decorating a baby shower or welcoming the baby home.

ENQUIRE
BIRTHDAYS
Birthdays wouldn't be the same without balloons! We have a large range of character balloons, and we can also create small centre pieces for children parties.

ENQUIRE
Katie Hibbs
A bit about me
I love what I do…
I got married in October 2018 and was looking for balloons for our wedding. I struggled to find someone locally who could do what I wanted. This inspired me to learn how to make bespoke balloons for people and listen to what they want and need.

"Balloons are so magical, I just love the way they make people feel, this is why I am so passionate about my creations - Who doesn’t love a balloon?"
SEE EXAMPLES
Make it special
Balloon making services
We make beautiful bespoke balloons for any occasion, recreating ideas at the customers request. All you need to do is send us a photo of what you want, and we’ll bring it to life adding that personal touch. We pride ourselves on listening to our customers and offering them a genuine and reliable service.

Parties
Hen do
Weddings
Birthdays
Christenings
Baby showers
Any excuse for amazing balloons
GET IN TOUCH


A few to get you started
Collections & Prices
Have an idea in mind? Get in touch!

Personalised bubble with mini balloons
£23
Personalised bubble with mini balloons and confetti
£24
Large clusters of 7
£20 per column
Balloon columns
£35 per column
Personalised cluster with orb, variety of colours available*
£32
Personalised helium filled numbers
£17
Garland
from £45
Short columns variety of colours
£20 each
Personalised confetti balloon with mini balloons or feathers
£25
Personalised orbs in a variety of colours
From £20
Bubble with feathers and personalisation
£23
Small clear bubbles with feathers or mini balloons
£20
Table centre pieces
From £8.50
Small clear bubble with mini balloons or feathers with cluster of 2
£23
Smaller Animals
Starting from £15
Large Micky & Minnie
£50
*We have a range of colours and options available, please look at the gallery for a portfolio of pictures. Get in touch and we can discuss your requirements and how you envision your bespoke decorations.
ENQURE NOWVIEW GALLERY
Areas we cover
Ickenham
•
Uxbridge
•
Harrow
•
Watford
•
Bucks
•
Hillingdon
Delivery available upon request.
ENQUIRE DELIVERY
See my balloons!
Have a look at my wonderful collections
VIEW GALLERY
"Gorgeous balloon for my daughter’s birthday. Amazing service - last minute request and The Balloon Queen could not have been more helpful. Thank you so much - can’t wait to use again"

Jane Bearman
"Amazing balloons delivered when my baby daughter was born! Superb quality and lasted for ages to the delight of my 2 year old little boy! Highly recommended!"

Gavin Brown
"Ordered a feather balloon to celebrate my daughter passing her A levels and earning her place at uni! The balloon queen was very accommodating to my specific requirements! Lovely professional lady! Will definitely be ordering from her again! My daughter loved her balloon!! Thank you Katie"

Natalie Wilcock
“Amazing service... Very satisfied with finishing look, the set up was fast and they made sure before leaving setup that everything was to my satisfaction. Met me at the venue on time which was good. Definitely will use service again 100%”

Lisa Hamilton
Contact
Let's talk about your idea.
Free quote. No obligation.
email icon
theballoonqueenickenham@gmail.com
phone icon
07943 674 469

Follow me!

Facebook

Instagram

The Balloon Queen All rights Reserved | Terms & Conditions  | Privacy Policy